Data structure for the rede s ign I will upload an Excel workbook ( Retreat_Volunteer_Schedule  v7) that is the basis for the new version of the app for a single retreat, the JH Summer 2026 Retreat, July 20-26. I am also uploading Schedule Prompt v7, which was used to generate this Excel workbook by Gemini. May I assume that you could act directly on subsequent versions of this prompt without the need to submit it specially to Gemini or any other AI? This prompt is the actual definition of the data structure and its instantiation for this retreat. The Instructions in the “Instructions” tab should be available linked to a job (not a task – see below) so the volunteer  cn  both see what a job entails before signing up for it, and to guide them when they execute the task (and do a check-in). The Data tab worksheet lists all the jobs available for assignment. The job is: site -- activity (The app makes no use of that structure, but it is conceptually useful for volunteers.) The Data tab worksheet shows every schedulable task (a task is a job with a particular date and time (or any time, for self-scheduled tasks). Users (volunteers) sign up for tasks, that is, a job on a particular day. It does not happen for this job set, but it is conceivable that a Job could be assigned more than once in a day, so the time slot is important. It’s also possible for  BTW, if this nomenclature (Job, task, etc) is different than the earlier version, please use the updated version explained here. BTW, I don’t like “task” for a job in a particular time slot on a particular day, since “job” and “task” are so similar in ordinary usage. If you can suggest a better nomenclature system, I am open, but  run it by me before implementing. How the jobs are scheduled across the six days of the retreat is shown in the Data tab, and also visually in the Merit Board tab (and Merit Board 2). In case you are wondering why it’s called “Merit Board”, it’s the Buddhist concept of merit, positive karma created by serving the needs of others (among other means). App  re design Returning to the app design. I accept for now your layout of the job search restrictions, though I want to  add a row to enable multi-selection of days to be searched (1-6, Mon-Sat) to be searched, if there is room (seems like there is).  The day   will start with  “ today ” , so we will need to keep track of the date/day/weekday. Assume we are at 2/July 21/Tue (no need to display the date, just "2 (Tue)" or something. We will want to set the start day for the retreat (July 20, 2026) and determine where we are  relative to that  as day 1 ,  and also set   the number of days in the retreat (6 for this one). For testing purposes, set today to May 23, 2026 -- we will make it dynamic later. Here is a tentative walking skeleton design for  a first iteration of the main user screens. Initial screen , h eader :  name, date, weekday (Tue) day (1-6) of retreat ;  (# tasks completed?),  next  assignment  (what if there are two, and one is any-time slot?). Three functions from here  (apart from editing profile, preferences, etc) : Button/link:  Sign up for one or more tasks  (color code light blue ) Search screen :  color light blue ,  sub - header : “Search  for available tasks ” L ayout as discussed , to restrict search by day and job ; only days starting with today . S earch button Available tasks  screen:  subheader  “Available tasks”, color light blue) Scrolling list of available tasks (job, day, slot) sorted by day Dismiss/cancel  button: returns to initial screen  (vs generic back link?) User selects one  task Task screen ,  light blue job (site, activity), time slot Job title, day, weekday Instructions  for this task Assign - to - me button Assignment s uccessful : p opup “ A ssigned” , update my assignments, update calendar (tasks), update header Button changes to delete-this-assignment. Assignment not  successful.  Popup – “NOT assigned -- looks like someone else just grabbed it  (or technical problem?) ” Done  (or generic back) link/ button goes b ack to available tasks screen . Have to   re-execute the search  to  reflect   possible  assignment .   (Or perhaps a standard save / cancel choice – but that entails checking for successful assignment upon saving, which interrupts the flow; but unsuccessful assignment should be quite rare.) Button/link:  See  existing signups  (color code light red) No search screen;  execute search for all jobs, all days starting with today  (or get from data structure?) Scrolling list of assigned tasks, ordered by day Tasks act the same as above, except the button starts in assigned state, so tapping it deletes the assignment, tapping again re-assigns  (still have to check that the assignment is still available; it will almost always be.) At this point, might want to check for day = today or tomorrow, and if so, pop up a warning that there may not be time to get the task reassigned, so we would appreciate it if you would recruit someone else to take it. Delete assignment  Sign up for another one Buton/link: check  in to a task Check -in screen: color light green Displays assignment(s) for today. If more than one, have to show all not yet checked in and ask which the check-in is for. Task screen. Check-in button. Might want to leave task open for an explicit check-out, which also asks how long it took. (Don’t do this now – maybe later). That’s enough for now. If you see issues with this design, alert me and fix in a reasonable way. 
