V 7 – mostly just fixing some issues with V6  and changing the nomenclature to be consistent with the app we are developing .  Construct a volunteer schedule in a spreadsheet (Excel) for a retreat from July 20 – 26, 2026 (days 1-7). Day 7 is special and need not be scheduled with volunteer tsks. Everyone attends for a special event, along with many who were not at the retreat. This will  be good enough as  the  base for developing the app. Will   get back to it later to clean up for use as a poster/alternate signup medium . Slot – the time periods for scheduling work each day , plus   pseudo-slot “any time”. In general, output these in the spreadsheet on one line, without a break.  They are:  s tart day , morning break, lunch break, afternoon break, dinner break, end day ,  any time .  Site – a place that a job occurs. Activity – what happens in a job So  the  complete  title for a job is : Site  –  activity Here are the jobs to be scheduled , with :   site   –    activity:  total time ,  days @  slot Days  --  like 3 6 or  every  day     ( =  1 2 3 4 5 6 ) Slot  – a break, or start (8:00 AM) or end (dinner break or after social event, if any ) We  are not specifying  very  many  jobs at   breaks,  mostly  just start  day ,  end  day  and any  time .    V olunteers wi l l mostly manage the time slots themselves for “any time” slots.  The volunteer for coffee setup and breakdown will also be responsible (via instructions) for keeping it tidy and replenished throughout the day.  The task details will be in the instructions for tasks (see below) Here are the  jobs to be assigned in the format Site –  Task :  # minutes, days (or every day) @ time slot (or any) Note – all tasks are  one- volunteer  for now, but we may revive multi-person tasks later.   I ndented after each task is a list of instructions. This is just a start , more to come . Embody these in a separate  Instructions  tab. Put the  job (site – activity)  in column A in a separate row and the instructions in column B, in subsequent rows. Make it an outline using the excel  feature that converts to a google sheets feature. Café –  light  clean up :  10m, every  day  @ lunch break wipe tables clean serving table vacuum Kitchen  –  light  clean up :   10m, every  day  @ lunch break Wipe , tidy   big  table Wash dishes vacuum Cafe  –  full  clean up :   20 m, every  day  @ end day wipe tables clear, clean serving table chairs up vacuum mop chairs down (or leave for morning?) wash dishes in kitchen Kitchen  –   full  clean up :  20m, every  day  @ end day Clear, wipe big table Stools up vacuum mop stools down store dry dishes wash dishes collect garbage, take out C offee  &amp;  snacks  –   morn ing   setup :   15 m ,  every  day  @  start  day Buy snacks? Set up tea, coffee , snacks Chairs down (if not done previous night) Replenish &amp; tidy through end of lunch C offee  &amp;  snacks  –  eve ning   b rkdwn :   15 m ,  every  day  @  end  day Replenish &amp; tidy  coffee area  after  lunch End of day breakdown and cleanup: Put away snacks Clear, clean serving table Wash coffee, tea pots Wash other kitchen dishes  as necessary Tara  Paradise , store, store hallway  –  vacuum:  15 m, days 2 4 6 @ any  time Vacuum floors Vacuum sofas as needed JH office , main hallway  –  vacuum:  15 m, days 2 4 6 @ any  time Vacuum floors Vacuum sofas as needed C oatroom ,  café  hallway,  main hall  rear  –  vacuum:  10 m, every day @ any time  Vacuum floors Shake out mats as needed Lama offices  –   clean : 10m, days 2, 4, 6 @ any time Vacuum Dust surfaces Tidy desks Men ’ s room  – clean &amp; stock :  10 m ,  every  day  @  any  time Mop Clean sink Wipe counter Wipe fixtures Clean  toilet Replenish  deployed  supplies Replenish  backup  stock of supplies as needed Empty trash , replace bag Urinals   –  check  pads  &amp; mop :   15m , every  day  @ any  time Mop as needed Clean urinals M oisten  mop pads  slightly  as needed Replace mop pads as needed Women ’ s room  – clean &amp; stock :   10 m ,  every  day  @  any  time (instructions same as men ’ s room) Unisex  &amp;  Lama  bathrm s  – clean &amp; stock :  10 m , every  day  @ any  time Mop Clean sink Wipe counter Wipe fixtures Clean  toilet Replenish  deployed  supplies Empty trash , replace bag Foyer  &amp;   lobby  – vacuum :  1 5 m ,  days  3,  6 @  any  time Front windows   – clean:  1 0m , days 3 6 @   any  time A t home –  launder  towels &amp; mop pads: 15m, days 2 4 6 @ end day Pick up dirty towels in kitchen Pick up dirty mop pads in closet Launder at home Return next morning Output  an Excel file  with these tabs: Data  tab , columns :  Day #, weekday,  Slot ,   Site  ,  Activity , #volunteers, time estimate. N o elision of repeated values. Merit board  tab :  days in columns  with header row :   day#, weekday. Each row a  job ( site- activity) , rows  grouped  (by order, not formally grouped or colored)  by site.   The first column of row headers contains site and  activity  on two lines (a bug in the preview rendering of such cells seems to ignore the line break – if you can fix it, OK; if not, I’ll just look at in Excel).  A second column of row headers contains the  time slots. A third column of row headers contains the  time estimates.  Merit board 2  tab : (experimental) same as merit board, but instead of the second column of row headers with time slots, put time slot in each assignment cell of the row, or blank for time slot = “any time”.  Put the whole time slot name on one line . T op align  all data (non-header)  cell s . In the Merit Board tabs, t he data cells of  a  row are blank  (for slot = any time)  to start, but will contain the name of the volunteer assigned to that task on the day of the column. Actually, I will supply a list of volunteers with some assignments, for testing; these will fill the cells.  Metrics  tab ,   columns:  Day , Weekday,  Total volunteer-minutes ,  Distinct v olunteers needed (no double duty) ,  Avg min /  distinct  volunteer  and  a row with  totals for the week.   In all tabs, whenever possible, put the complete slot name on a single line, for example “lunch break” on a single line, not broken into two lines, Use “all borders” in the format of all cells on all tabs. Cells with no  job  (like Lama Offices on days 1 3 5) : fill with horizontal stripe pattern, and put “XXX”  centered horizontally and vertically  in the cell  with white font color and double font size to  indicate there will be no assignment.  
